[Merged by Bors] - Rename Eth1/Eth2 in documents (#3021)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/faq.md

### Why does it take so long for a validator to be activated?

After validators create their execution layer deposit transaction there are two waiting
periods before they can start producing blocks and attestations:

1. Waiting for the beacon chain to recognise the execution layer block containing the
   deposit (generally 4 to 7.4 hours).
1. Waiting in the queue for validator activation (generally 6.4 minutes for
   every 4 validators in the queue).

Detailed answers below:

#### 1. Waiting for the beacon chain to detect the execution layer deposit

> Since the beacon chain uses execution client for validator on-boarding, beacon chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the beacon chain uses the execution layer for validator on-boarding, beacon chain
```

validators must listen to event logs from the deposit contract. Since the
latest blocks of the execution chain are vulnerable to re-orgs due to minor network
partitions, beacon nodes follow the execution chain at a distance of 1,024 blocks
(~4 hours) (see
[`ETH1_FOLLOW_DISTANCE`](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/blob/v0.12.1/specs/phase0/validator.md#misc)).
This follow distance protects the beacon chain from on-boarding validators that
are likely to be removed due to an execution chain re-org.

Now we know there's a 4 hours delay before the beacon nodes even _consider_ an
execution layer block. Once they _are_ considering these blocks, there's a voting period

> where beacon validators vote on which execution layer to include in the beacon chain. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where beacon validators vote on which execution block hash to include in the beacon chain. This
```
